Add new flow control agents: timer-source and trigger-event (#110)
LangStream/documentation: pipeline-agents/flow-control/timer-source.md

# timer-source

> This source agent enables you to periodically emit a new record (an "event") and pass it to the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This source agent periodically emits a new record (an "event") and passes it to the pipeline.
```
